README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Laralabs/docs.laralabs.uk/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Laralabs/docs.laralabs.uk/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Change to standard site, toaster documentation started

README.md, after:

# Cayman theme

Cayman is a clean, responsive theme for [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com). This theme is available as an option if you use the [Automatic Page Generator](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-pages-with-the-automatic-generator/) or you can copy the template and styles to use on your own.

You can preview the theme at http://jasonlong.github.io/cayman-theme or with real content at http://jasonlong.github.io/geo_pattern.

![](http://cl.ly/image/1T3r3d18311V/content)

# Customizations

If you copy this theme for your own needs, feel free to customize the colors however you like. A couple of nice sources for gradient colors are http://uigradients.com and http://jxnblk.com/shade/.

# Using with Jekyll

If you'd like to use this theme with Jekyll, Pietro Menna has put together a package to make it easy. You can find it at https://github.com/pietromenna/jekyll-cayman-theme

# License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license.
